hey guys Davison here I just saw the
music video bad blood by Taylor Swift
and it was one of the best music videos
I have seen all year and i found it
inspiring and I as a creator want to
make something that's on par with that
which is what i consider to be a product
of the cultural elite now the song
itself bad blood is pretty average in
terms of a pop song and I don't think
it's Taylor's best track off of her most
recent album but it's so visually
stunning the video and there are so many
stars that make cameos in the video as
well as Taylor looks like a goddess
she's a superhero dressed in a bunch of
different cat suits and doing a bunch of
different exciting things in a way that
really says to me that if you want to
communicate with the general public and
you want to do anything in pop culture
you need to be that gripping that
beautiful that exciting and and the
video was all of the above save for the
very average song but I mean the video
which this is its job right maybe like
the song more now we got bad blood that
was totally off-key haha I'm never going
to be a pop song that's never gonna be
the mark I make on society or munoz now
we've got bad blood no now we've got now
we've got bad blood I don't really know
how it goes used to have problems I
guess if I had the song and be able to
sing with it I think I just in my head I
don't have the the tone now we've got
bad blood but now we've got that okay
I've done this number too many times any
off I wanted to say i love the video
everyone looks gorgeous it's exciting
it's beautiful it's like a fashion show
it's smorgasbord of action men would
even like it I need to make something as
good as that absolutely so Taylor Swift
nine point eight ten now to ten awesome
let me know you think of the video i
will link to it in the comments
action because if you look a bad blood
music video you don't actually get
Taylor's song because it was published
today you have to look in today's
results to get it so a lot of people are
like benefiting from the views because
Taylor's not showing up on top Cimorelli
is but not Taylor so yeah watch it it
was awesome it was one of the best music
videos I've seen this year it was an
action film but a high-fashion action
film I've said enough I've off online
can you go now I got bad teeth